# data-agreement

THIS AGREEMENT ("Agreement) is made by and between _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ("Company") and SAMANVAY WEB PVT. LTD. ("Consultant").

The parties agree as follows:

1. General Purpose
The general purpose of this Agreement is to engage the services of Consultant to perform the services described in this agreement.

2. General Duties of Consultant

2.1 Consultant shall perform in conformance with schedules attached as incorporated herein, and in conformance with professional standards of IT services in India.

2.2 Consultant shall develop and provide a functional web application ("Application") for the Company.

3. Data Handling and Confidentiality
"Data Resource" is a digital or physical document file, anything that contains data or information. Data Resources could include documents, concept notes, discussion plans, screenshots, photographs, passwords, emails, messages or any articulation that contains information in language text, visual or auditory forms.

3.1 The Consultant shall sometimes have access to Data Resources of the Company. The Consultant shall not disclose any Data Resource, in whole or in part, or any copy or representation of it, to any person or entity outside of the Consultant or entities defined explicitly by the Company.

3.2 The Consultant agrees that at the termination of this contract, all Company Data Resources will be returned to the Company and the Consultant will destroy all copies of it.

3.3 All Data Resources generated by the Application will be owned by the Company. The Consultant will make all the Data Resources available in JSON and CSV downloadable format (for text) and zipped files (for non-text Data Resources) through the Back-end interface ("Junction").

3.4 Consultant will ensure that its employees, subcontractors and agents who perform work under this Agreement receive appropriate instructions as to how to protect Data Resources consistent with the provisions of this Agreement.

3.5 Backups of the Application codebase and associated data will be made available to the Company on a weekly basis.

4. Jurisdiction
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Union of India, jurisdiction of state of Haryana.