# wildfire-services-agreement

THIS AGREEMENT ("Agreement) is made by and between _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ("Company") and SAMANVAY WEB PVT. LTD. ("Consultant").

The parties agree as follows:

1. General Purpose
The general purpose of this Agreement is to engage the services of Consultant to perform the services described in this agreement.

2. General Duties of Consultant
2.1 Consultant shall perform in conformance with schedules attached as incorporated herein, and in conformance with professional standards of IT services in India.
2.2 Consultant shall provide a complete and functional web application ("Application"). The Application must have an administrative dashboard ("Back-end") for the Company and a front-end for the Company's intended audience to access the Application.

3. Ownership of the Application for copyright and patenting
3.1 The ownership of the Application, the associated content and designs involved will be of the Company. The Company will also have ownership of the technology architecture, wireframes and data flow processes that the Consultant will make for the Company.
3.2 The Consultant will use open source modules where ever they suit the architecture, documenting their licensing agreements for the Company's reference.
3.3 Any fresh code required to be developed, if developed by the Consultant, will be owned by the Consultant.
3.4 The Application will be installed on a web hosting server maintained by the Consultant. The domain name of the Company must point to this web hosting server.

4. Data Handling and Confidentiality
"Data Resource" is a digital or physical document file, anything that contains data or information. Data Resources could include documents, concept notes, discussion plans, screenshots, photographs, passwords, emails, messages or any articulation that contains information in language text, visual or auditory forms.
4.1 The Consultant shall sometimes have access to Data Resources of the Company. The Consultant shall not disclose any Data Resource, in whole or in part, or any copy or representation of it, to any person or entity outside of the Consultant or entities defined explicitly by the Company.
4.2 The Consultant agrees that at the termination of this contract, all Company Data Resources will be returned to the Company and the Consultant will destroy all copies of it.
4.3 All Data Resources generated by the Application will be owned by the Company. The Consultant will make all the Data Resources available in JSON and CSV downloadable format (for text) and zipped files (for non-text Data Resources) through the Back-end interface.
4.4 Consultant will ensure that its employees, subcontractors and agents who perform work under this Agreement receive appropriate instructions as to how to protect Data Resources consistent with the provisions of this Agreement.

5. Term
The term of this Agreement shall be 9 weeks from the date of transaction of advance payment made to the Consultant. The term shall be extended based on maintenance and future development requirements that emerge from the process of developing the Application.

6. Compensation
The payment shall be made in 3 phases:
Advance payment of INR _ _ _ (exclusive of taxes).
Payment of INR _ _ _ (exclusive of taxes) after 4 weeks of work.
Payment of INR _ _ _ (exclusive of taxes) after completion of services as described in section 2 of this agreement.

7. Jurisdiction
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Union of India, jurisdiction of state of Delhi.

8. Credit and promotions
"Wildfire" is a registered brand name used by the Consultant for engaging in designing, ideation and architecture of technology products and web applications.
8.1 The Application will carry a credit mention as part of their design, on the footer, mentioning 'crafted by wildfire', or something to that effect.
8.2 Consultant may use the name of the Company or the Application developed in promotions, in their list of clients and projects.
